My response to Michael Chemers can best be described in this email I sent him:

It really inspired me and im pretty sure it was evident because I was barely able to sit still in my chair.
This space of thought exploration really enchants me. 

A tangent I was exploring and thinking about is :
As someone who has been through depression and in therapy for a few years and out of it, 
I am confident that I can say I am more aware of the contours of my mind now than I used to be. 
When I say this, I mean that the awareness of my human response to things has for the past few years
helped me understand and hack my own psychological responses to things. Let me give you an example:

https://www.ted.com/talks/guy_winch_the_case_for_emotional_hygiene
This is a TED talk about a concept called emotional hygiene. Its pretty straight forward.
If we understand our emotional responses to things maybe we will be able to interact with our own minds differently.
Actually thats my interpretation of it. But the point is still that when we humans face rejection, it is like a
psychological wound. We are socially trained to shrug it off but what if we now, empowered by the knowledge of
how our minds work, we are able to attend to our psychological 'wounds' and therefore respond to situations differently.
I have only my own experience to speak from and no statistics YET to back my hypothesis but there is something here.
I believe that maybe we need to look into the psychological responses that we humans have to technology and also
the psychological responses that drive us to use technology as a coping mechanism in the first place. This is a space
im looking to explore more and would love to hear your thoughts on it. If you have come across any reading material in
this same space, please let me know!"
Divya

This explains how I felt about the session. How this will impact my work is that I am now more aware
of the emotional and psychological response of humans interacting with devices. It also made me more
aware of what my moral views are on the social constructs that are being targetted with these products that we are building.
